>> Brian Holt: We are gonna
write some JavaScript.
First thing we're gonna do here,
we have the id already, and
we're gonna put our code in here.
We are already connecting to
the database here, database.db, right?
And then we're gonna do a db.all.
>> Brian Holt: And I'm gonna write
the query first to get the invoice.
And so I'm gonna do,
>> Brian Holt: A select statement here.
SELECT,
>> Brian Holt: InvoiceID as id,
>> Brian Holt: InvoiceDate as date.
>> Brian Holt: BillingAddress as address,
>> Brian Holt: BillingCity,
>> Brian Holt: As city,
BillingState as state,
BillingCountry as country,
BillingPostalCode as postalcode,
and Total as total.
>> Brian Holt: I will say that I
find using select star in code to
be a bit of an anti-pattern to
the point that I think it's almost
never right unless you truly intend.
I need everything from this query and
it's arbitrary,
as in maybe that table gets altered and
added to and
subtracted to frequently and
that doesn't matter.
You still want everything from the table.
One, I have serious questions about
what you're doing with your data, but
that would be the intent that
I would derive from star.
I don't approve of it in terms of just
being lazy about not wanting to write all
of this.
I think this is annoying to write,
but it's better to maintain.
And I always err on the side
of maintaining code.
Secondly, if you have something like that,
you should use a JSON store,
which we'll talk about at
the end of the course as well.
FROM Invoice,
>> Brian Holt: WHERE InvoiceId = ?.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then we're gonna take id here.
And here,
we're gonna take our node error back.
>> Brian Holt: InvoiceRows,
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
it's an error function if
you've not seen that before.
It's just equal and angle bracket,
my editor combines them.
If err, then you would do your whatever
error handling you wanna do here.
I don't care,
you can do nothing if you want.
I think I actually did take
the time to say, reply.code(500).
And reply.send (error: err,
and errorLocation).
>> Brian Holt: Reply.send,
I'll just pass back the error.
You can do whatever error
handling you want here.
This was mostly when I was just writing
this myself, I was writing it so
I could have some better errors.
Cuz I'm going write two queries,
I'm gonna let myself know this happened
with the invoice query, not the other one.
This is actually probably
not a great idea for a code,
you don't wanna tell people
what's going on in your code.
But for our purposes, it works just fine.
So the beauty of a node callback
is if we get past this,
then we know that invoiceRows
is fine to operate with.
>> Brian Holt: So now, I'm gonna say,
if invoiceRows.length = 0.
>> Brian Holt: Then,
we know we've 404, right?
So cuz there's no invoice there, so
we're gonna say reply.code(404).
And reply.send( error: err,
errorLocation: Invoice).
>> Brian Holt: Okay, now, we know we
have rows if we'll get past this point.
>> Brian Holt: You also need to put
returns in there, right, return and
return.
>> Brian Holt: Now,
I'm gonna do my second query.
Now, I'm nesting queries here.
In reality, these two queries could
be totally run in parallel, right?
In theory, that's faster, but also
we're using SQLite where it's so fast.
We're talking,
I don't even know if we can really
time the difference between how
slow our nozzle is gonna be.
It would all be in the JavaScript stack.
So milliseconds, single,
they're probably even smaller than that.
I don't know, someone should test it and
tell you, okay?
But I'm just gonna nest them, right?
I'm gonna nest them, because that
made the code easier to write.
So another db.all call.
Okay, and en I'm gonna do another SELECT.
And we're gonna have to do a join here.
We're gonna have to do a few joins,
because we want to get all of
the artist names, album names, and
track names, and the unit prices
as well from the invoice list.
So we're gonna do
i.UnitPrice as unitPrice,
i.Quantity as quantity.
You could have ignored quantity, cuz I
didn't see anyone that ordered the same
track twice, but it's in there,
so I put it in there.
t.Name as trackName,
a.Title as albumTitle,
and ar.name as artistName, okay?
That's all of our selects.
We're gonna select FROM InvoiceLine i.
>> Brian Holt: And a couple of JOIN here,
>> Brian Holt: Track t ON t.track,
>> Brian Holt: Id = i.TrackId,
JOIN album a ON
a.albumId.
>> Brian Holt: Trying to
keep this consistent,
even if it doesn't matter, t.AlbumId.
>> Brian Holt: Again, I don't think
you can do natural joins here,
because multiple means name, right?
So this would be a place where natural
joins could seem like they work, but
in reality wouldn't.
>> Brian Holt: It's bad pattern,
don't do it.
>> Brian Holt: ArtistId = a.ArtistId.
>> Brian Holt: WHERE InvoiceId equals,
actually have this
in here as without even
putting something on it.
Again, I think because it's not ambiguous,
or
they're all joined to each other, I think
it's fine, but you might as well put,
>> Brian Holt: InvoiceId as i.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we've got to pass it our Id parameter,
>> Brian Holt: And you can do the object
one as well, that's totally fine,
err, trackRows.
>> Brian Holt: Then if, err,
then reply.code (500),
reply.send (error: err,
errorLocation).
SQLite does not give very helpful messages
of what went wrong, just be aware of that.
It's very likely gonna be something like
SQLite error, but just be aware of that.
This is track or invoice line.
You can call this whatever you want or
nothing at all.
You don't have to do any error handling,
I just did.
Return,
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
there's the error, there's that.
>> Brian Holt: And then, now here,
we can just say, reply.send.
In fact, we can just move this up here,
because that's really what we want.
InvoiceLine, we want invoiceRows[0],
cuz I did all.
You probably could do get, I didn't try
that, but I'm just doing invoiceRows all.
And then it's only gonna
return one record.
So we'll get the first one and
then lines will just be trackRows,
because we want all of them.
And because up here I
named them all correctly,
I can just pass them
directly back to the user.
If you didn't do all these as statements,
you'd have to go through and
rename them to be all the correct thing.
That's why this as aliasing
stuff can be super helpful.
>> Brian Holt: And cool,
I think, see how we did.
All right, I need to go change my index.
You shouldn't have to change yours.
>> Brian Holt: But now,
make sure my server is running.
That's what this Nodemon does for you is
every time you save your note code or
restarts it.
>> Brian Holt: Do be aware if you're
doing SQLite and Nodemon together,
make sure you exclude your database
file from what Nodemon is watching or
any file watcher for that matter.
Because every time you
change your database,
it's gonna restart your database or
your app, which may not be what you want.
Ask me how I know.
Cuz I was doing it when I
was developing this class.
I was like, why does this keep changing?
That's why.
Okay, so refresh the page, and
looks like we're working,
>> Brian Holt: Like magic.